Data sources rework (#238)
vegaprotocol/documentation: docs/concepts/trading-on-vega/data-sources.md

## Sources of data
Inputs to the data sourcing framework can come from:
* Signed message data source, part of the [Open Oracle ↗](https://github.com/compound-finance/open-oracle) feed
* Specially formatted and signed JSON messages
* Internal data

### What's in a data source
Data sources must provide:
* Type of data source (e.g. `vega.builtin.timestamps`, `Open Oracle`)
* Data type (e.g. float for a price)
* Data source specific details

Data sources must be able to emit the following data types:
* Number - for prices or in filter comparisons
* String - to be used to compare against in filters
* Date/Time - to compare against in filters
* Structured data records - such as a set of key value pairs (inputs to filters)

## Signed message data source
Signed message data sources are a source of off-chain price data, and can be used for settling and terminating a market. They introduce a Vega transaction that represents a data result that is validated by ensuring the signed message is provided by the Ethereum public key provided in the market’s proposal.

> Specifically, Signed Message Data Sources are equivalent to Posters in [Compound’s Open Price Feed](https://medium.com/compound-finance/announcing-compound-open-oracle-development-cff36f06aad3), taking signed price reports and posting them to the Vega chain. As Open Oracle reports include signatures, the data can still be verified against its source. 

Reviewer: This is not quite true: the signed message source is the public key and the specification of the fields and filters to process the incoming data, so it is more like the Reporter. Whoever submits the data for the signed message source to Vega is the equivalent of the Poster, but I'm not sure we've named them really.

So in the example the Compound price feed is the signed message data source, the "Reporter" is whoever does the signing, and anyone who submits that txn to Vega is the "Poster"

Author: ```suggestion
Specifically, the signer of the Signed Message Data Sources is equivalent to the Reporter in [Compound’s Open Price Feed](https://medium.com/compound-finance/announcing-compound-open-oracle-development-cff36f06aad3). As Open Oracle reports include signatures, the data can still be verified against its source. The Poster equivalent is the Vega key that submits the Signed Message to the Vega chain when the market needs it.
```

> A signed message data source must include:

Reviewer: We should be clear here whether we mean:

1. A signed message data source definition / specification (i.e. the data included in the market proposal)
2. The data source / feed itself (i.e. the actual data message(s))

This looks like it covers both as if they are the same thing (the pubkeys and data type are from 1 if I understand the below correctly and the ABI encoded data is from 2).

```json
[
	{
		"name": "prices.BTC.timestamp",
		"value": "1661273220"
	},
	{
		"name": "prices.ETH.timestamp",
		"value": "1661273220"
	},
	{
		"name": "prices.ETH.value",
		"value": "1635165000"
	},
  {
		"name": "prices.BTC.value",
		"value": "21420285000"
	}
]
```

## Internal data source
Vega provides a timestamp source, which can be used to trigger a market event (such as trading termination or final settlement) at a set date and time. The `vegaprotocol.builtin.timestamp` is used by the market proposer to provide a Unix timestamp in seconds of the Vega time, which is to say the time agreed via consensus. 

As the name implies, an internal data source is generated inside Vega and is submitted automatically when the time is reached.

For example, a single timestamp event will appear as follows. Note: the precise representation will vary based on which API you're using):

```json
[
	{
		"name": "vega.builtin.timestamp",
		"value": "1661273220"
	}
]
```

## Signed JSON message

> Signed JSON messages are an alternative to using *signed message data sources*, which are best used for off-chain prices. Some markets need data other than prices, and for that flexibility Vega also supports arbitrary JSON messages, signed by a Vega key. Data from these types is only as reliable as the Vega public key that publishes the data, whereas signed message data sources have signed data. The advantage is that the format is less rigid than signed messages: any properties can be specified, including strings, booleans or non-price numbers.

Reviewer: Signed JSON messages can and should also be used for prices if they don't come from an Open Oracle source, as they are easier to work with. So anyone creating an oracle afresh just for Vega would probably use these for their price source.
